September 9: Watched one video as a group on Lynda. Kevin showed us the intro parts of the Unity development engine. I ordered the text
book that will be used for our class. Since Unity can use Python, I am wondering if some of the more simple functions can be written in Python.
Python was my first coding language and I know it best only second to Java.

September 11: Figured out the type of game we will be programming, possibly even two if we can program it fast. We came up with ideas for the 
game itself, such as background pictures, sprites and power ups. Received the book today, will be reading it and noting ideas for Monday.
Will discuss ideas on how to start programming the basics of the game.

September 12: Kevin and Chris were absent, so it was a slow day. I worked on reading the textbook I got yesterday and watching Ryan program
a brick game in Unity. 

September 15: Out sick. Will try to start reading through Chapter 1 and start the program.

September 17: Started work on the main game. Automatic scrolling in the x-direction is now functional. Got through Chapter 1 and 2 in the
textbook.

September 18: Got the sprite to move using the arrow keys. James created a sprite sheet to animate the sprite when it moves. I got to
Chapter 4, where I will create the Pong game. I will be adding physics components to the sprite tomorrow such that the sprite will be
able to jump. 

September 19: We fixed the error with the sprite sheet not loading correctly into Unity and some other small errors. I added a "floor"
for the sprite to walk on and a jumping component to the game. I will try to add a ceiling so that the sprite doesn't jump out into
space. EDIT: Fixed up key. Re-uped the master.

September 23: Tried to get the camera to follow the sprite as it moved. James uploaded the preliminary background, so I will try to change
the placeholder with that. Otherwise, the day was filled with trying to fix bugs.

September 24: Placed the background into the game, and fixed the camera view of the sprite. The next step will be adding powerups and enemies.

September 29: James placed the first enemy and powerup into the folder. Tried to fix the jumping issue to no avail. Next will be adding the
enemies and powerups.

September 30: No class today. Fixed the jumping issue, for the most part.
