February 9: Snowday

February 10: Created a health system for the player to eventually lose the game.

February 12: Fixed some bugs with the dino movements and store; everything is moving at a nice pace. 

February 13: Compiled all the branches into one new version and fixed the errors between them. Newest stable version is updated.

February 17: Started working on health bars for the enemies.

February 19: Continued to work on health bars for the enemies with an entirely new approach.

February 20: Health bars still aren’t working. All the branches were pulled and compiled into the latest version of the game.

February 23: Looked up videos and code on how to get health bars to work.

February 25: Started looking at the API for GUITexture to see if that could help with the health bar issue.

February 26: Having difficulty with getting this type of GUI object to spawn in the correct spot.

February 27: A GUI box finally appeared in the screen after looking at many examples of how to do it. Trying to work on the issue with it not following its specific dinosaur.

March 2: Had a problem with Unity on my computer. Spent the whole time trying to find and solve the culprit.

March 4: Thought we had a meeting today and didn’t bring my laptop. Brainstormed on health bar problem.

March 5: Snow Day

March 6: Downloaded Unity 5, which took the whole period to complete

March 9: Found a new UI component that can help me make a health bar for the enemies

March 11: Watched James as he started modeling in Blender to try to understand the key bindings

March 12: Having problems with merging Kevin’s branch with the master, will have to try tomorrow

March 13: Worked on merging Kevin’s branch with the master. Need to work on Perry’s

March 17: I merged Perry’s branch to the master, but had problems while doing so. I’ll need to fix those at home tonight

March 18: Branch still not fixed. I started to get a feel for Blender and its user interface.

March 19: Did a little modeling in Blender today; there are so many key bindings to use in order for the program to work; thankfully James was there to help me through it.

March 23: Fixed the problems with GitHub’s merging conflicts. The master branch is now up to date with the most current updates.

March 24: Created the health bar prefab to be instantiated every time a dinosaur is added to the screen. Currently not showing up on the game screen, but they are being created.

March 25: Figured out how to get the health bars to show up every time one is created. Still not moving with the dinosaurs.

March 27: More of a chill day, worked on trying to get health bars to follow enemies.
