September reflection (Sept. 4-Oct. 3)

We went into Option II thinking we knew all the parts of the class that we would do. The first marking period would be basic C# programs, moving onto a game from the second marking period to half of the third and finishing a 3D game by time the showcase was here. That completely changed in a matter of a day or two. 

Originally we were going to use C#; Kevin, Ryan and I had taken C++ the previous year so it wouldn't be as bad instead of using a whole new syntax. Chris wanted to learn the new Apple language, Swift, that is based off of Objective-C and closely related to C# and C++. The book we decided on getting to read over the summer used JavaScript, and on the first day of class, we decided to change over to JavaScript to use some of the code that the author had already written. 

The next problem was that none of us knew how to use Unity. Even Perry who knows multiple coding languages didn't know how to use Unity. There are so many buttons and functions that could be used just to have a character move struck us as a surprise. There was a period of just playing around in Unity to see what we could learn about it in 55 minutes.

Onto the current game, we decided on a platformer: a very basic, move left, move right, jump and get rid of enemies game. Even for these very basic moves, we've had so many bugs in our code. Sometimes we spend a whole period trying to fix a problem that is in one line of code and gives us 1000 errors. 

James has been great with his designs of backgrounds, sprites, power ups and enemies. I guess what really makes a good game isn't the story, but the visuals. 

When we originally started this game, we said it would probably take no more than half-way through October. That was thrown out to the curb; we were planning for 4 levels originally and we were talking about adding new sub-sections, or mini-games, to every level. But just seeing how many problems a tiny game is giving us, we are more likely to finish what we have now and move onto the next game.

The next few weeks are crucial to the deadline, so to speak, which will probably be by the end of the marking period. With the various delayed openings, holidays, early closings and, dare I say, possible snow storms, just finishing the first level will be an accomplishment.
